There’s trouble in the world, disunity.
No matter where we live, no harmony.
There are people suffering,
fighting for change.
But among God’s people,
we trust in his name.
So we must stick close to his Word
And remain no part of this world
With love in ev’ry little thing we do.
Show love as we spread the good news,
And feel the love of the brotherhood.
Though we stand out as diff’rent,
With Jehovah, we are one.
No matter where we go from sea to sea,
With God’s people, we find true family.
Yes, there are anxieties, but hope is real—
A paradise to come.
True peace is near.
So we keep trusting in his Word
And remain no part of this world
With love in ev’ry little thing we do.
Show love as we spread the good news,
And feel the love of the brotherhood.
Though we stand out as diff’rent,
With Jehovah, we are one.
We are one.
So let’s stay faithful and endure
And remain no part of this world
With love in ev’ry little thing we do.
Show love as we spread the good news,
And feel the love of the brotherhood.
Though we stand out as diff’rent,
With Jehovah,
We love in ev’ry little thing we do.
Show love as we spread the good news,
And feel the love of the brotherhood.
Though we stand out as diff’rent,
With Jehovah, we are one.